Måske noget med et tekstbaseret spil
Hver metode kalder den næste 

Give the adventurer some sort of purpose some quest so that they arent just
walking around for no reason (maybe they are out seeking treasure, on their
way home kek or traveling to a new beatiful city)

Your an adventurer and u walk around to these different places and
have different decisions to make in each new area you arrive

First area u have to the choice to keep walking down the road or 
talk to the old man standing on the side of the road hunched over. 
On your right u see a cave and wonder what is inside.

U would then pick a choice and if u talked to the old man he would tell
u about the cave and warn u of the giant spider inside and u could choose
to purchase a weapon to fight with or keep going. 

Would need some way to save the players choices (dbconnector and textfile)

IDEAS
You're starting to feel tired and you wanna go lay down somewhere and take
a nap. On your right you see an open field with some soft looking grass and
on your left you see a formation of rocks that might give some cover if it
starts to rain.
1. Go sleep in the grass.
2. Go sleep in the rock formation.
3. Keep going even though you're tired.

1: You walk over to the grass and lie down to sleep for a couple of hours. 
All of a sudden you wake up and find yourself surruonded by goblins. What do
you do.
1.1: Fight (the odds of winning depend on which weapon u have)
1.2: Try to run.
1.3: Pay them to go away.

1.1: When a fight happen the player will roll for a random number between 1
and 10 (range depends on weapon) and that damage will be done to the enemy.
In this case the goblins could have 5 hp and do 1 damage and it would be turn
based so the player starts and then all goblins attack. Player could start
with 40 hp maybe??

1.2: Roll between 1 and 4 if 1 you escape, 2 and 3 u get the other options
back, 4 the goblins kill u.

1.3: Costs the player 15 gold but the walk away unharmed

2: You sleep safely in the rock formation. U wake up refreshed and ready to
keep going.

3: You're still tired but you keep walking down the road. (could lower the
players damage for the rest of the game)

Level 3
You come across someone who needs help
(The person who need help seems shady so the player doesnt wanna help)
You get no reward until later in level 5 where the person helps you in a
fight (maybe the fight cant be won without the help)

You keep walking down the road and suddenly a dark shady character appears
on the road ahead of you. Hes wearing a hooded cape and you cannot make out
his face. He asks if you can help him with a problem and points towards the
woods.
1. Help the man with his problem.
2. Decline to help.

1: You follow him into the woods. Its a long walk and you try asking how
much when we are there but get no response. You start to see smoke out in
the distance and as you get closer its from a fire in the middle of a goblin
camp. The hooded man explains that goblins attacked him while he was asleep
and he had to give up his belongings and weapons in order to survive.
1.1 Fight the goblins.
2.1 Give extra weapon to the hooded man to help fight
(only if you have more than 1 weapon)
3.1 Decline to help.

1.1: 5 goblins 5 health 2 damage

Once you defeated the goblins the hooded man leaves you with out thanking you.
You find 10 gold and a healing potion in the goblin camp

Level 4
You arrive at a small town. As you are walking through the town you come upon
a blacksmith and an alchemist.
1. Talk to blacksmith
2. Talk to alchemist
3. Leave

Alchemist
1. Buy healing potion for 5 gold (after you pick this option you can enter the amount)
2. He has a quest for you to bring him the blood of a 
3. leave


Blacksmith
1. He sells a slighty better weapon
2. He has a quest for you to obtain iridium which he can use to craft an axe
3. Leave

2: The iridium is found inside an ogre cave just outside of town. You fight
two ogres and the ogre king
Ogre: 10 health 4 damage
Ogre king: 20 health 5 damage
Once defeated you receive one healing potion and the iridium ore. You bring
it back to the blacksmith and he crafts you a very good weapon (5 - 7 damage ???)


Basilisk blood quest 
You travel to the woods just outside of town and find a basilisk.

Level 5
dark shady char helps in fight with a bow
After leaving town you run in the hooded man again. He has another quest for you.
Up in the mountains is a dragons lair. This dragon is guarding a giant treasure and
defeating the dragon would make you very wealthy.

(add some a fist weapon that u can use when you have no weapon)
